All right.
So reflect string.
What we're trying to do here is we're taking a string and what we want to do so we want to get the reflection
of them.
So essentially a will becomes Z Z becomes a B becomes y c and x and so on and so forth.
So we're getting the reflected value on the opposite end of you know A to Z.
So and name we we get em for z and v and you know the only hint I really have here is you split for
this.
There's a couple different ways we could solve this.
I kind of like my solution but some of you may say it's too simple.
So is good and jump into it.
All right so the way that I solve this was I created a character array.
Those are going to be split of string values.
And from there I iterated through it and then I created a essentially a dictionary object that we then
map 8 is the B to C and all that.
And we just assign reassign the values there.
In our example in our in our details Assos we don't have to worry about uppercase values.
This is simply lowercase.
But if we did we could of course handle some logic in that.
But that's beyond the scope of this but it is in a project where you actually need to do this and you
might need to do that.
But that was what we need to do.
So here I'm to call this char's or set this we're make this a string array city equal to our input string.
Does it.
And what I'm going to do next is define our dictionary which I'm just going to call refl. letters and
this is going to be equal to an object.
And because this is you know we're making 26 assignments.
I'm just going to copy this in here like so.
So you'll see here we have a to z all the way back to Z they are creating this dictionary object that
we're going to reference in our solution.
Go ahead and create reflected word here.
And this is going to be what we end up returning on the end here.
Are you going to return or reflected word that's going to be our string that we're going concat the
reverse values onto.
Now all we have to do from here is iterate through those characters chars each element we call this
char.
And we're just going to concat on to there where we're going to say reflected word plus equals the reflection
letters plus the character or the key essentially which is the character code which is actually three
named char here and that's it.
So what we did was we got our characters.
We then created our dictionary to reference.
We created a placeholder word that we're going to then iterate through our array of characters then
using our dictionary.
And our object here we're then going to get the the key which is the original character get the value
and then concatenate onto it and finally return it the other way that you might be able to do this.
I think it adds more complexity but you don't have to create this dictionary as you said store reference
values to the ascii values.
And then depending on which ascii value it is you will Dickerman downward or increment upward to get
the reflection value.
I think this is a fine solution and some people may disagree with me on on this being better than that
but I think creating a dictionary like this is just fine.
That's my solution.